[13.0][ADD] sale_order_customer_free_ref (#328)
OCA/edi: sale_order_customer_free_ref/readme/DESCRIPTION.rst

The goal of this module is to improve on the `client_order_ref` on `sale.order`.

> By default Odoo only has one field to handle the customer reference of a sale order.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, Odoo only has one field to handle the customer reference of a sales order.
```

> But when using EDI some specifications allow to have two fields for this, the customer

Reviewer: ```suggestion
However, an order provided by the buyer can contain an id (PO number) and a free reference. When exchanging with the other parties, you sometimes need to differentiate them. For instance, this is required by some EDI flows.
```

order Id and a customer (free) reference.

> To help with this, this module adds two specific fields for them and transform the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To help with this, this module adds two specific fields for them and transforms the
```

`client_order_ref` standard field into a computed one.

> The two new fields are also passed on to created invoices.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The two new fields are also given when generating invoices.
```

Author: Thanks for all the suggestion. Updated.
And squashed.
